Add social proof component (#40)
eonian-core/web: app/(landing)/content/en.mdx

</InDevelopment>

<SocialProof>
  <SocialProofHeader>

>     <h3> BATTLE-TESTED</h3>

Reviewer: For me looks good anyway. Do you want it to be "Battle-Tested"?

>     <h3> BATTLE-TESTED</h3>

Reviewer 2: i suggest to add spaces around "-", i.e.: `BATTLE - TESTED`

>     <h3> BATTLE-TESTED</h3>

Author: fixed

>     <h2> Most Thorough Testing of Protocol <br /> by Large Community</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <h2>Most Thoroughly Tested Protocol <br /> by a Large Community</h2>
```

Author: applied fix
